okay we are
live I was going to fix the Moa right
now but
um think we
have think we got a couple things to fix
with GPU
Drive let's see fast puffer
po let's see what we're going to do here
so been sent some training data pull up
in a second
here
and yeah so basically I broke some
stuff by being
and see
what what's in this
repo file changes
okay so she just added
in she added in this
stuff okay
so basically just grabbed
um My Demo
things okay okay cool I'll just send
uh PR on this or whatever
we'll just we'll just uh make a little
new setup here real quick for
title okay we got what's this GPU drive
here
so we'll
just you
drive
uh we got to clone because this is their
version not my PR or my Branch right so
we'll just
do
yard a drive
I might got to work on the Clone time
for
this no big
deal I miss any Discord stuff in the
meantime
Integrations I didn't know you could
do I didn't even know that you could do
this I didn't even know you could put
slashes and names like that
po
um I think you have to run set up here
right probably they have probably has
instructions two 11
stars repo's made some progress
up yeah I screwed up didn't
I
madona I think I can probably can I not
just copy it
correctly uh I don't need the docker
because
hopefully I don't need the docker
because I've already done
this build CD
[Music]
build see
m
utils m baselines
oops
baselin run Puffer
311 should I've just done this on their
container
I should have probably just done this on
their container right
12.6
possibly yeah I need to use their
container
okay we'll just use their container
still have to run poetry
install that's
fine this will be set pretty soon we'll
have their
version won't have to fight it love when
people provide
one downside of
Docker giant
downloads I would work on the Moa in
between but I'm actually just very bad
at task switching
so all right back at it yeah we're do
uh we're going to fix a GPU Drive
integration first before I go back to
the
Moa this GPU accelerated driving engine
from
NYU I think I um I broke their M support
in a recent patch
so getting their Docker set up going to
mess with puffer make sure that our Dev
branch is actually supporting what
they're doing
should be
good docker's almost set up
we'll see if any of the uh the GPU Drive
devs hop in here at some point if not
I'll just see what I can do to fix it
for him shouldn't be that that hard I
would hope
I know my impression is that Julia
people really like Julia but not much
outside of
that and if you want perf you're kind of
just better off writing C calling it a
day
and the things that everybody told you
were hard about see actually are not
that
hard welcome YouTube folks it's actually
a pretty cool
project uh that we're fixing up here so
I added support for this thing like I
don't know two days after it
released uh GPU accelerated driving Sim
and then I kind of realized that maybe
what I did
might have broken it like just a week or
so ago and then the GPU Drive folks told
me hey yeah you broke it so I got to fix
it and
um in addition to like fixing it on
puffer side I'm going to actually make
sure that it works in their repo they
kind of just grabbed
um kind of just grabbed like our J
implementation which is kind of horrific
clean puffer L
puffen see how it goes from
there I do try not to break stuff but
every so often like this was part of the
big native en factor that I did like a
week or so ago and
um I had like a different thing that was
already called native
end whatever we'll just fix it shouldn't
be a big
deal probably setting all this stuff up
to make like a few lines worth of
changes
uh-oh my download
stopped internet
internet's
good what's up with
you this download is stuck
stuck I hope I don't have to kill this
this is very silly
I don't want to kill this but at the
same time
oops oh it's frozen my entire WSL
great did I run out of disc space or
something
stupid oh
well
let me figure this out before I break my
whole
one second
folks I got to uninstall some stuff
space unfortunately we probably screwed
up
our we screwed up our download here
oh look at
this well
bet I mean that's like the level of
thing that would have been non-trivial
for me to figure out
very
good we got a couple contributors that
have like started off with almost no
experience and have just really worked
hard and learned a lot um pretty cool to
see it's pretty cool
I might need to reboot WSL entirely
after that last mess up we'll
work yeah I think I might have to hard
reboot my machine guys
I uh I ran out of dis space and it kind
of just screwed everything
up I'm going to go reboot real quick
I'll be back in a second okay be right
back